The focus of the supply chain should always be
on improving quality wherever possible.
Transparency and quality information flow's
the key to making these improvements happen.
This includes having the right stakeholders
in the decision making process
throughout the whole supply chain,
and one way to ensure this
is by reaching as far back into the supply chain
as possible.
As information is shared both upstream
and downstream in the supply chain,
partners are able to make well-informed decisions
that in turn can reduce costs,
improve product quality,
and expand overall service across the entire chain.